Let's take the first step towards providing more personalized recommendations.
Consider Sam here.
Same has seen Armageddon,
Independence Day, and Arrival. Then there's Jesse.
Jesse has also seen these movies but has also watched Interstellar.
Due to the overlapping movies watch between Sam and Jessie,
it follows that Sam might also like Interstellar.
In recommendations of this nature,
it makes sense to find users who've watched the same movies and
recommend new movies based on what one of those users has seen that the other hasn't.
Finding these types of relationships from
user-item interactions is known as collaborative filtering.